---
title: The 2017 good-shit list
date: "2017-12-14"
tags: ["Gratitude"]
excerpt: Politically, 2017 was a shitfire. Let's talk about what was good.
---
So, politically, 2017 was a proverbial fire-in-the-shithole. But you know what? There are thousands of other posts on Medium where you can read more about that. Starting last year, I began a new year’s-end tradition: I compile and publish a list of *good* things that happened. In no particular order:

1. I met a woman. A fantastic one. With whom I believe I can actually build something. This is scary new territory for me, but it’s also one of the best things that’s happened this year.
2. I traveled to Europe on the (relatively) cheap and experienced two cities/countries. And I got to do it with a beautiful companion.
3. I bought a scooter, learned how to ride it, and got to spend an entire season zipping around the back roads of New England.
4. I attended DrupalCon *twice*, continuing to be heavily involved in the addictively awesome Drupal community (and its less awesome, but no less addictive code).
5. I had the once-in-a-lifetime pleasure of seeing my sister marry her best friend, in whom I now have an incredible brother-in-law.
6. I also had the surreal, unbeatable experience of DJing for a joyous, enthusiastic, appreciative crowd. I stepped outside my musical comfort zone and collaboratively laid down a set that will be remembered for years by those who were there.
7. I co-produced and co-performed a song that blew the roof off!
8. I had the opportunity to visit my grandmother.
9. I furthered my knowledge and appreciation of beer by a quantum leap.
10. I listened to *tons* of good music and expanded my musical horizons even more.
11. I became a better and more knowledgeable programmer.
12. I learned the basics of MIG welding and electronic engineering. I can solder now!
13. I discovered [Swear Trek](https://twitter.com/swear_trek).
14. I finished a song I have been working on for years.
15. I learned how to pick locks. (Short answer: with lotsa practice.)
16. I got to see my parents fulfill an amazing, longtime dream project of theirs.
17. I laid down my first DJ mix in a solid decade.
18. I saw my brother fulfill a years-in-the-making dream of *his*, and [start a band](https://www.peopleofearthmusic.com/).
19. I tried yoga (or rather, a bastardized version of it).
20. I started blogging and sharing my bizarre Drupal knowledge with the world.
21. I got a Starfleet logo tattooed on my right arm. And I love it.
